# adobe_test
The code is structured in three files which run the assignment and three test files. The first file "Adobetest.py" contains the conversion of integers to their equivalent roman numeral and returns it in string format. The API is set up on the second file ("adobeAPI.py") and uses the flask method to establish a local host connection and return the wanted output. The building of the project is extremely simple and utilises shell scripting, I use the run.sh which just builds the project and runs my adobeAPI code for me making it simpler and more straightforward to use. However, since the path in the file is done for my computer (more specifically my ubuntu terminal) you may have to modify it for the file to run properly or you could simply run the adobe API by using the command "python3 adobeAPI.py" which may avoid any difficulties. The test files should be run with the command “python3 file_name.py”.

To get the API running correctly, you must make sure that all Python libraries used while coding are installed on your machine. While writing this assignment I have used the flask library which is the one I used to set up the API and the local host server. We address the local host through the requests sub-section of the flask library (this structures our query correctly) and then we format the output with the jsonify library for it to be in the wanted json format. Then to build the project you need to run the run.sh file and then open your browser and input the URI query that you want to see. For our python API tests we have had to use the urllib to be able to execute queries through our python code and retrieve the data directly to our console.

My methodology for building this project was first to get the roman_numeral function working and make sure it is correct. The way I decided to build this function was through recursive calls because I thought it would be a good way to structure this problem and create a very streamlined version of the code. My first few tests of the function were just to print out a lot of numbers and see if they were correct. I then added some code at the bottom of it to understand how the json format works and is structured. This json formatted output would be written to a file and not the local host because it had not been set up yet. Then I got to working on the HTTP Endpoint. I had not had much experience with HTTP endpoints so far, so I first spent some time researching all I needed to know about them and their structure and figuring out the different dependencies I had to use in my Python code for me to be able to fulfil it properly. Once that file was programmed, I ran it and looked if I could generate an output by using the given URI (this was done using my browser). Once that worked perfectly, I imported my roman_numeral function and used the jsonify function for the output of the file to be formatted correctly. I then went about testing the code with a few URI queries to verify format and output and found it worked perfectly.  

After the preliminary testing, I decided to write specialised python test programs. The first one was to test the roman_numeral function. This was done in the "roman_numeral_test.py" and I used an open-source function which would convert roman numeral strings into the equivalent integer digit. I put this function in a while loop covering the range of inputs in the assignment and as an input, I used my roman_numeral function whose input was just an integer. If the input integer did not match the output of the romanToInt function an error is printed, if no messages are printed, all tests pass. After that to simplify testing of the json output and the local host I wrote two programs. The first one (test_1_number.py) is a more precise testing method in which you enter a number to be entered in the query and the output will be printed to your terminal. Finally I created a test_all_numbers.py which prints the outputs for all possible queries to get an overview on the functionality of my program.

Finally, I want to talk about dependencies in my program. As said previously, adobeAPI depends on the roman_numeral function from Adobetest and the same is the case for test_roman_numeral. Furthermore, the test_1_number or test_all_numbers tests need the adobe.API to be running so the local host connection can be established.
